As promised in the introduction we told
you we would walk you through the steps in
order to download all of the necessary
files you'll need to flash on the Android
operating system onto
your DragonBoard 410C.
So to do that, we're gonna look
here at Ucrisch's screen and
walk you through that process.
>> All right so
the first thing we're gonna do is
go to our 96boards.org website.
And as soon as you go to that website
you're gonna see a blue micro controller
on the right here.
You're gonna click on
the DragonBoard 410c there.
And then we're gonna do a bunch of
link copying here, so I'll go slow.
You want to click on Downloads.
And once you click on Downloads,
it's gonna take you to the file with
a bunch of downloads of
different operating systems.
And then once you go past
the latest Micro SD card images,
you're gonna see a link that's
going to take us to a Vichy page
that'll have the Fastboot
downloads we'll need.
So it's going to be right here,
the link here in green.
This is going to take
us to a GitHub website.
And the GitHub website will have
the Fastboot boot loader and
the boot image file,
the root.fs file, everything.
So here we go.
We're just waiting for
the GitHub file to come on.
And so, now we're on the GitHub file.
We're going to scroll down and
you're gonna see a Table of Contents here.
It's going to say install Android or
Ubuntu using Fastboot.
So we want to click on that link here.
>> There's a lot of stuff on this
Wiki page or this GitHub website, so
you can cruise around and
see if there's anything else you'd
like to learn on our own of course.
>> Yeah.
>> We're just focusing on
flashing the Fastboot right now.
>> As soon as you click on that,
it's gonna take you to the section called
install Android or Ubuntu using Fastboot
and so you're gonna keep scrolling
down until you see something that
says Install Android release.
So the first thing you wanna
download is the bootloaders.
And that's a very important file, so
you're gonna click on the link that
says zip located here, that one.
And then we have a bunch of
more files to download, so
we're gonna scroll down some more and
you see about six files here.
It's gonna say boot, system.img,
user data recovery, persistent cache.
And you're gonna wanna download
each one of these files also.
So click on it, download it, and
then once you have everything downloaded
make sure you know which file
all of them are saved on.
And also make sure they're
all in the same folder.
And finally, have everything unzipped and
ready to go and
we'll see you in the next video, and
show you how to create a path variable.